Feature/checkpoint harmony endpoint (#34129)
demisto/content: Packs/CheckPointHarmonyEndpoint/Integrations/CheckPointHarmonyEndpoint/CheckPointHarmonyEndpoint_description.md

To generate Client ID and Secret Key from Check Point Harmony Endpoint:

> 1. Login to Harmony
> 2. Click on the settings icon
> 3. Click "API Keys" button to go to the API keys page 
> 4. Click on the "New" button
> 5. On the "Create new API key" pop up, define the followings:
>  - For "Service" select "Endpoint"
>  - Choose the desire expiration
>  - For "Roles" select "Admin"
> 6. Click on the 'Create' button and save the 'Client ID' and 'Secret Key' values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to Harmony.
2. Click the settings icon.
3. Click **API Keys** to go to the API keys page.
4. Click **New**.
5. On the *Create new API key* pop up, define the following:
   - For *Service* select **Endpoint**.
   - Choose the required expiration.
   - For *Roles*, select **Admin**.
6. Click **Create** and save the *Client ID* and *Secret Key* values.
```
